nombre: z
correo: z
cargo: z
numero_cedula: z
nombre_jefe: z
numero_telefono_jefe: z
estado: Miranda
municipio: z
nombre_organismo: z
instancia: z
cantidad_denuncias: z
cantidad_reclamos: z
cantidad_quejas: z
cantidad_peticiones: z
cantidad_sugerencias: z
cantidad_asesorias: z
cantidad_poblacion_masc: z
cantidad_poblacion_fem: z
cantidad_talleres_oipp: z
cantidad_charlas_oipp: z
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: z
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: z
cantidad_forochats_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: z
nombre_escuela_se: z
cantidad_actividades_se: z
cantidad_talleres_se: z
cantidad_charlas_se: z
cantidad_conversatorios_se: z
cantidad_jornadas_se: z
cantidad_forochats_se: z
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: z
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: z
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: z
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: z
nombre_ministerio_ap: z
cantidad_actividades_ap: z
cantidad_talleres_ap: z
cantidad_charlas_ap: z
cantidad_jornadas_ap: z
cantidad_forochats_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: z

nombre: z
correo: z
cargo: z
numero_cedula: z
nombre_jefe: z
numero_telefono_jefe: z
estado: Miranda
municipio: z
nombre_organismo: z
instancia: z
cantidad_denuncias: z
cantidad_reclamos: z
cantidad_quejas: z
cantidad_peticiones: z
cantidad_sugerencias: z
cantidad_asesorias: z
cantidad_poblacion_masc: z
cantidad_poblacion_fem: z
cantidad_talleres_oipp: z
cantidad_charlas_oipp: z
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: z
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: h
cantidad_forochats_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: z
nombre_escuela_se: z
cantidad_actividades_se: z
cantidad_talleres_se: z
cantidad_charlas_se: z
cantidad_conversatorios_se: z
cantidad_jornadas_se: z
cantidad_forochats_se: z
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: z
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: z
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: z
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: z
nombre_ministerio_ap: z
cantidad_actividades_ap: z
cantidad_talleres_ap: z
cantidad_charlas_ap: z
cantidad_jornadas_ap: z
cantidad_forochats_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: z

nombre: r
correo: r
cargo: r
numero_cedula: r
nombre_jefe: r
numero_telefono_jefe: r
estado: Miranda
municipio: r
nombre_organismo: r
instancia: r
cantidad_denuncias: r
cantidad_reclamos: r
cantidad_quejas: r
cantidad_peticiones: r
cantidad_sugerencias: r
cantidad_asesorias: r
cantidad_poblacion_masc: r
cantidad_poblacion_fem: r
cantidad_talleres_oipp: r
cantidad_charlas_oipp: r
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: r
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: r
cantidad_forochats_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: r
nombre_escuela_se: 2
cantidad_actividades_se: 2
cantidad_talleres_se: 2
cantidad_charlas_se: 2
cantidad_conversatorios_se: 2
cantidad_jornadas_se: 2
cantidad_forochats_se: 2
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: 2
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: 2
nombre_ministerio_ap: 2
cantidad_actividades_ap: 2
cantidad_talleres_ap: 2
cantidad_charlas_ap: 2
cantidad_jornadas_ap: 2
cantidad_forochats_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: 2

nombre: r
correo: r
cargo: r
numero_cedula: r
nombre_jefe: r
numero_telefono_jefe: r
estado: Miranda
municipio: r
nombre_organismo: r
instancia: r
cantidad_denuncias: r
cantidad_reclamos: r
cantidad_quejas: r
cantidad_peticiones: r
cantidad_sugerencias: r
cantidad_asesorias: r
cantidad_poblacion_masc: r
cantidad_poblacion_fem: r
cantidad_talleres_oipp: r
cantidad_charlas_oipp: r
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: r
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: r
cantidad_forochats_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: r
nombre_escuela_se: 2
cantidad_actividades_se: 2
cantidad_talleres_se: 2
cantidad_charlas_se: 2
cantidad_conversatorios_se: 2
cantidad_jornadas_se: 2
cantidad_forochats_se: 2
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: 2
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: 2
nombre_ministerio_ap: 2
cantidad_actividades_ap: 2
cantidad_talleres_ap: 2
cantidad_charlas_ap: 2
cantidad_jornadas_ap: 2
cantidad_forochats_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: 2

nombre: r
correo: r
cargo: r
numero_cedula: r
nombre_jefe: r
numero_telefono_jefe: r
estado: Miranda
municipio: r
nombre_organismo: r
instancia: r
cantidad_denuncias: r
cantidad_reclamos: r
cantidad_quejas: r
cantidad_peticiones: r
cantidad_sugerencias: r
cantidad_asesorias: r
cantidad_poblacion_masc: r
cantidad_poblacion_fem: r
cantidad_talleres_oipp: r
cantidad_charlas_oipp: r
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: r
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: r
cantidad_forochats_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: r
nombre_escuela_se: 2
cantidad_actividades_se: 2
cantidad_talleres_se: 2
cantidad_charlas_se: 2
cantidad_conversatorios_se: 2
cantidad_jornadas_se: 2
cantidad_forochats_se: 2
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: 2
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: 2
nombre_ministerio_ap: 2
cantidad_actividades_ap: 2
cantidad_talleres_ap: 2
cantidad_charlas_ap: 2
cantidad_jornadas_ap: 2
cantidad_forochats_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: 2

nombre: gggg
correo: r
cargo: r
numero_cedula: r
nombre_jefe: r
numero_telefono_jefe: r
estado: Miranda
municipio: r
nombre_organismo: r
instancia: r
cantidad_denuncias: r
cantidad_reclamos: r
cantidad_quejas: r
cantidad_peticiones: r
cantidad_sugerencias: r
cantidad_asesorias: r
cantidad_poblacion_masc: r
cantidad_poblacion_fem: r
cantidad_talleres_oipp: r
cantidad_charlas_oipp: r
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: r
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: r
cantidad_forochats_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: r
nombre_escuela_se: 2
cantidad_actividades_se: 2
cantidad_talleres_se: 2
cantidad_charlas_se: 2
cantidad_conversatorios_se: 2
cantidad_jornadas_se: 2
cantidad_forochats_se: 2
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: 2
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: 2
nombre_ministerio_ap: 2
cantidad_actividades_ap: 2
cantidad_talleres_ap: 2
cantidad_charlas_ap: 2
cantidad_jornadas_ap: 2
cantidad_forochats_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: 2

nombre: gggg
correo: r
cargo: r
numero_cedula: r
nombre_jefe: r
numero_telefono_jefe: r
estado: Miranda
municipio: r
nombre_organismo: r
instancia: r
cantidad_denuncias: r
cantidad_reclamos: r
cantidad_quejas: r
cantidad_peticiones: r
cantidad_sugerencias: r
cantidad_asesorias: r
cantidad_poblacion_masc: r
cantidad_poblacion_fem: r
cantidad_talleres_oipp: r
cantidad_charlas_oipp: r
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: r
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: r
cantidad_forochats_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: r
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: r
nombre_escuela_se: 2
cantidad_actividades_se: 2
cantidad_talleres_se: 2
cantidad_charlas_se: 2
cantidad_conversatorios_se: 2
cantidad_jornadas_se: 2
cantidad_forochats_se: 2
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: 2
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: 2
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: 2
nombre_ministerio_ap: 2
cantidad_actividades_ap: 2
cantidad_talleres_ap: 2
cantidad_charlas_ap: 2
cantidad_jornadas_ap: 2
cantidad_forochats_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 2
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: 2

nombre: mmmmmmm
correo: d
cargo: d
numero_cedula: d
nombre_jefe: d
numero_telefono_jefe: d
estado: Miranda
municipio: d
nombre_organismo: d
instancia: d
cantidad_denuncias: d
cantidad_reclamos: d
cantidad_quejas: d
cantidad_peticiones: d
cantidad_sugerencias: d
cantidad_asesorias: d
cantidad_poblacion_masc: d
cantidad_poblacion_fem: d
cantidad_talleres_oipp: d
cantidad_charlas_oipp: d
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: d
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: d
cantidad_forochats_oipp: d
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: d
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: d
nombre_escuela_se: d
cantidad_actividades_se: d
cantidad_talleres_se: d
cantidad_charlas_se: d
cantidad_conversatorios_se: d
cantidad_jornadas_se: d
cantidad_forochats_se: d
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: d
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: d
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: d
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: d
nombre_ministerio_ap: d
cantidad_actividades_ap: d
cantidad_talleres_ap: d
cantidad_charlas_ap: d
cantidad_jornadas_ap: d
cantidad_forochats_ap: d
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: d
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: d

nombre: g
correo: g
cargo: g
numero_cedula: g
nombre_jefe: g
numero_telefono_jefe: g
estado: Miranda
municipio: h
nombre_organismo: j
instancia: g
cantidad_denuncias: h
cantidad_reclamos: h
cantidad_quejas: g
cantidad_peticiones: h
cantidad_sugerencias: h
cantidad_asesorias: g
cantidad_poblacion_masc: h
cantidad_poblacion_fem: h
cantidad_talleres_oipp: j
cantidad_charlas_oipp: j
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: j
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: j
cantidad_forochats_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: j
nombre_escuela_se: j
cantidad_actividades_se: j
cantidad_talleres_se: y
cantidad_charlas_se: y
cantidad_conversatorios_se: y
cantidad_jornadas_se: y
cantidad_forochats_se: y
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: y
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: y
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: r
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: y
nombre_ministerio_ap: y
cantidad_actividades_ap: y
cantidad_talleres_ap: y
cantidad_charlas_ap: y
cantidad_jornadas_ap: y
cantidad_forochats_ap: y
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: y
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: y

nombre: g
correo: g
cargo: g
numero_cedula: g
nombre_jefe: g
numero_telefono_jefe: g
estado: Miranda
municipio: h
nombre_organismo: j
instancia: g
cantidad_denuncias: h
cantidad_reclamos: h
cantidad_quejas: g
cantidad_peticiones: h
cantidad_sugerencias: h
cantidad_asesorias: g
cantidad_poblacion_masc: h
cantidad_poblacion_fem: h
cantidad_talleres_oipp: j
cantidad_charlas_oipp: j
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: j
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: j
cantidad_forochats_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: j
nombre_escuela_se: j
cantidad_actividades_se: j
cantidad_talleres_se: y
cantidad_charlas_se: y
cantidad_conversatorios_se: y
cantidad_jornadas_se: y
cantidad_forochats_se: y
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: y
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: y
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: r
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: y
nombre_ministerio_ap: y
cantidad_actividades_ap: y
cantidad_talleres_ap: y
cantidad_charlas_ap: y
cantidad_jornadas_ap: y
cantidad_forochats_ap: y
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: 
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: y

nombre: d
correo: d
cargo: d
numero_cedula: d
nombre_jefe: d
numero_telefono_jefe: d
estado: Miranda
municipio: d
nombre_organismo: d
instancia: d
cantidad_denuncias: d
cantidad_reclamos: d
cantidad_quejas: d
cantidad_peticiones: d
cantidad_sugerencias: d
cantidad_asesorias: d
cantidad_poblacion_masc: d
cantidad_poblacion_fem: d
cantidad_talleres_oipp: d
cantidad_charlas_oipp: d
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: d
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: d
cantidad_forochats_oipp: d
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: d
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: d
nombre_escuela_se: d
cantidad_actividades_se: d
cantidad_talleres_se: d
cantidad_charlas_se: d
cantidad_conversatorios_se: d
cantidad_jornadas_se: d
cantidad_forochats_se: d
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: d
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: d
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: d
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: d
nombre_ministerio_ap: d
cantidad_actividades_ap: d
cantidad_talleres_ap: d
cantidad_charlas_ap: d
cantidad_jornadas_ap: d
cantidad_forochats_ap: d
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: d
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: dd

nombre: z
correo: c
cargo: c
numero_cedula: c
nombre_jefe: c
numero_telefono_jefe: c
estado: Miranda
municipio: c
nombre_organismo: c
instancia: c
cantidad_denuncias: c
cantidad_reclamos: c
cantidad_quejas: c
cantidad_peticiones: c
cantidad_sugerencias: c
cantidad_asesorias: c
cantidad_poblacion_masc: c
cantidad_poblacion_fem: c
cantidad_talleres_oipp: c
cantidad_charlas_oipp: c
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: c
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: c
cantidad_forochats_oipp: c
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: c
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: c
nombre_escuela_se: c
cantidad_actividades_se: c
cantidad_talleres_se: c
cantidad_charlas_se: c
cantidad_conversatorios_se: c
cantidad_jornadas_se: c
cantidad_forochats_se: c
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: c
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: c
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: c
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: c
nombre_ministerio_ap: c
cantidad_actividades_ap: c
cantidad_talleres_ap: c
cantidad_charlas_ap: c
cantidad_jornadas_ap: c
cantidad_forochats_ap: c
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: c
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: c

